Document administrator work (#170)
servo/project: governance/ADMINISTRATORS.md

> [!NOTE]
> Check the [`README.md` file](README.md) for more information about the Servo project governance model.

## Administrators work

Administrators have access to [1password team](https://servo-team.1password.com) and [GitHub organistation setting](https://github.com/organizations/servo/settings/profile).

### Issuing tokens for the CI monitor service (self-hosted runners)

To get a `GITHUB_TOKEN` for the monitor service in production:

- [Create](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/managing-your-personal-access-tokens) a [fine-grained personal access token](https://github.com/settings/personal-access-tokens/new)
    - Token name: `servo <name> monitor` where `name` is name of ci monitor
    - Resource owner: **servo**

>     - Expiration: **90 days**

Author: I am not sure if this such detailed should be part of this document, I mostly focused here on process that is done by admins, so issuing tokens. Token rotations are more of CI team detail, although given that we do not have it we can make it live here.

To get a GITHUB_TOKEN for testing the monitor service:

- [Create](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/managing-your-personal-access-tokens) a [fine-grained personal access token](https://github.com/settings/personal-access-tokens/new)
    - Token name: `servo ci monitor test`
    - Resource owner: your GitHub account
    - Expiration: **7 days**
    - Repository access > **Only select repositories** > your clone of servo/servo
    - Repository permissions > **Administration** > Access: **Read and write** (unfortunately there is no separate permission for repository self-hosted runners)
 
> [!NOTE]
> Ideally tokens are always rotated before they expire.
> However, it can sometimes happen that tokens expire, which causes the runners to go offline.

> [!TIP]
> In cases where we have redundant runners, it is recommended to create at least 2 different tokens, with differing expiration times (ideally 30+ days apart).
> This prevents all runners from going offline if a token expires, and gives us leeway to rotate tokens in an orderly manner, since only a portion of runners will go down at a time if a token was not rotated in time.
 

> To send token to CI admin use 1password: <https://support.1password.com/share-items> or share password protected zip (password and zip should be send over differnet platforms for additional security).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send token to CI admin use 1password: <https://support.1password.com/share-items> or share password protected zip (password and zip should be sent over different platforms for additional security).
```
